Aunt Sun Nai, please take a look.
Yes, the Queen of Sacrifice Soldiers and Princess Li are poisonous.
Empress, Lao Minghe?
Queen, this is a pretense,
Let this person be the person next to the queen,
I have betrayed my trust in you, and the prince is so bold.
Damn it.
I'll die if I ever treat you like this,
You actually make such a big deal out of your lack of knowledge.
Come on, I'm going out,
Looking for closure, empress,
You are looking for me, my empress, and you will not forget it.
You know I'm not far away.
How dare you find someone to hide behind? Let him wander in like that.
He follows Ben Fengduo you
That has merit and hardship
Special but so dirty, Aunt Sun Nai
You can find the key to the solution in one of his things
What about the prince?
Original color parent-child
He has spread to Tubu
Return to law